Something happened Something happened
[Music] I
think it really was yesterday no yes it was
yesterday and it turns out that suddenly
Fernanda's girlfriend
how did it go in the bathroom I got lost I got
lost no really I didn't get lost having
something to do and so on taking advantage after a break we've been
live for three hours
today she's there
today I'm getting used to it listen to me
HIV's girlfriend made a thread where she
exposes Pablo Iglesias I don't know if you
've seen her but she was going out to party sima I
mean in fact she was trending topic all
afternoon yesterday okay I'm
not going to tell it because I think
Sergio reads the thread in the video I haven't
seen it I haven't
seen the video I'm going to watch it here
with you
this which is a live show the same day she
did a live show but the live show
obviously we're not going to see it lasts
almost three hours but let's see the
video it's serious okay the things she went out
to Paris and more with the reaction of the
progressives okay she's going to tell something
in the thread okay and then of course it's
supposed to always believe women
no there's no  that we
always believe
the testimonies, we shouldn't question them,
no, no, we shouldn't question the no's,
women, no, well, let's see if it's
true that they've behaved like that or
maybe it depends on what kind of woman it is, I don't know, let's
see,
no, no, no,
but thank you very much, welcome,
hello everyone in Río Blanco Estero and today I'm
going to change the location, Aryan, thank you very much,
change the location, what's happening, no, no, no, it's not that
the location has changed,
I think it's that he's doing some
work in his room, I
think he was doing
something like that in the room, there are ar and books, welcome,
thank you very much for telling the story of
how my girlfriend was sexually harassed
by Pablo Iglesias.
I'd rather say a slightly strange phrase to
open a video with. Don't you think it's
helpful, a little bit of it, it's true, maybe
we can't talk about sexual harassment per se,
but about maximum drivel. In
any case, this is nothing new. Those of you who
have followed me and are able to see
Pablo Iglesias have said many things
on other occasions, no, but well, I think
that de Montero would criticize this or that,
seen my live shows in which some have
participated fernanda well this story will
sound familiar to you because she has told it
before and one moment
teacher with school already minimizes what it is for
Fernando the gorgeous okay well he
stayed as if talking to me I do not
remember what we were talking about
surely it was [ __ ] because I
was 18 years old I did not know anything 18 years old
and the guy there as if gilding mena
the pill stream wow
burn you are you are very mature for your
age greetings but I do believe you strength we
support you and I'm sure you are around here
Rafa singing a kiss face throwing a
kiss red heart he
is delighted you are very mature for your
age do
you remember the video that I have on the
main channel called the media
slanders me again or something like that
wait
okay one of the recurring phrases the
classic we could not call it no that he
always says well and that they accused us no
here in this video he slanders me again
in the media okay it was that you are very
mature for your age and now it turns out that
according to fer pablo in milk I say that to
her it
can't be that he has pablo  church
[Applause]
[Music]
blog
churches
42 well 10 years ago 11 I would have been
31 around there no ha ha ha ha
how good god how good like
that with that look and and there was a moment and
this is what I swear that's how it happened I'll
tell you what she said to me I'm going to be it has been
a win win exposed the progressives and the
feminists you have to love her what ovaries
well placed thanks to the CNE for the
super chat tremendous
tremendous ha ha ha ha ha ha what a good
moment to the bathroom rifles Carme witnesses
there however yesterday I go to the
bathroom to refresh my mind but there
otherwise who is who was going to be able to
resist that God decided to tell it
through a thread on twitter
and if I'm honest this is a story
that he told me on our first
date and he didn't tell me stand side by side against
the first number
[Laughter]
the first date hey tell me something about your
life well nothing look Pablo Iglesias
told me that he was going to freshen up in the bathroom and that he was
waiting for me there as if
traumatic story not of a girl with a past of
abuse and sexual harassment by her
teachers no really it is a story
that fernanda tells as an anecdote that is to
say as another episode of her life
a little unpleasant that would not be
susceptible to being told as an
interesting story if it were not because
its protagonists now have a lot of
notoriety to the point that one of
them is our former vice president of the
government or vice president of this video
man this video destroys twitter man it is not
wasted in each sentence
or well I do not know if he is still in office
right now but well since these
people
generating a climate in which women are incited and
applauded to tell
these types of stories and after also getting
a little pissed off seeing how
pablo iglesias had blocked her on
twitter without her having had
any direct contact with him well the
thing is that
or rather pablo iglesias at some point comes across
fer's twitter and blocks her
without her saying anything or rather I
understand that he recognizes her and blocks her
fernanda decided to write this thread that I am
going to  to read below it said the
following I'm going to tell a story of
harassment and stale machismo that I suffered back in
November 2010 I was 18 years old at
this time okay goodbye so much fun
for when a game channel I already
have it it's
called game over it's called and don't you see I have four channels I have a plane and a thousand meira way the lollipop and whoever and Nobel it doesn't happen that makes our video was practically a year since I don't lack time to start playing I don't know in what hole the robot itself but oh
well I hope to be able to upload videos one
day in the diffusion especially to those
people who consider themselves feminists and
this thread reaches their reach I open it and I
started my degree in
international relations back in October
2010 at the faculty of
political sciences and sociology of the
complutense university of madrid one of my
professors from the first semester was
a man who was unknown at the time
called juan carlos monedero
at the time unknown as a curiosity to
mention vanina thank you very much the
first work that he sent us was about
hugo chávez that little by little
surprises me
called a  little attention for this has not been
shared by the allies that we
always know no this this is this
thread have not shared it from Chile seen
some of the allies for example that
is such no listen what's up what a piece of
hypocrite how strange although they are being
hypocritical to come out we have caught him
many times hypocrisy
that come out
[Music]
in a tweet I bet today he
posted a tweet today making fun of
fer okay quetzal he has made a fool of himself
giving himself faith but this man was not
progressive
feminist and all that or it only depends
because this man does believe some women he makes himself a
man he only
believes the women that he wants to
believe don't you remember there is a video dude I
was looking for the clip today but I can't
find where I posted the video but there
was a video in which I showed
how that come out
well in a curious cat someone
asked him about a escrache that had been
done to a friend of his an escrache in
fact for being sexist or something like that no and he takes
quetzal and responds to I don't know it's not that I don't get involved
no  I care about
people's private affairs but let's be
honest,
the story of the girl who
was probably kind of spiteful to
me smells a little strange girls what I found out ahead I don't remember if I had a short video on the secondary channel but since a copyright infringement struck me I deleted it but that's an excerpt from a video on the main channel but I don't know which video it was there's another one
looking today I can't find him I'm wearing a
blue blouse you can always find him let me know
by email please but the guy then the one
who's giving his opinion on all of Darla's stuff like
Dallas was a sexist
okay he's released a book I mean
these Dallas people interest me he knows
but then they feel like a friend of his no and today I
started looking for the tweets that he
says about Dallas and he deleted them
because he deleted them the
tweets are there notice that then they are the first ones
that accuse of being a draft and that he says to
delete all the tweets up to 2020 or
something like that about Dallas
in this new one later ones but the
previous ones weren't
for wind it's the  cocky attitude and that
was fun at first we found it
interesting although it took me a few weeks
to stop attending his classes what do you
mean putting classes in
quotes
loving each other with drinking and a little bit of freud
but doing
philosophizing there there tacky resolved that one
night at the beginning of November I was
with two classmates having a drink
by Lavapiés and we ended up in a bar
called La Ejército. Apparently it was a bar where
several people of
what is now considered the pod environment met.
I had only been in Madrid for a month
and I didn't know about the mass half one of
my classmates took us there and
he did seem to know something about the like this
this that in Madrid is supposed to be
well
Lavapiés look at the strike Lavapiés wow
look the bar exists
the bar exists let's see let's see the
instagram of the bar this I do
n't know Rick it seems fake does it seem fake to you
Abel hurt a woman we never have we have to
question the e
the strike
today the place exists
this I'm laughing
how good the study
and save you of course I didn't anyway we
went in ordered the first round and
before finishing it in three  people the
first was monedero followed by pablo
iglesias and accompanied by a third who
to this day I wouldn't know how to recognize
apparently they went there because they were broadcasting their
program la tuerca de telek and they used to
appear for the viewing and to have a few
beers as soon as they saw us monedero
started to make gestures proud
of his students and they invited us to a
second round remember
monedero's hand on my waist when I was coming back from
the bar with a drink apparently the
man is very clumsy in general but I did
n't know that well as for monedero being
very clumsy I think the newspaper archives agree with us
Fernanda continues on
later occasions I would hear another girl
say that juancar is very clumsy and you
shouldn't take it into account and if to
be honest I have to say that
Fernando is not the first girl I've
heard it from in fact I also
know another girl who moves around in
Podemos circles and she believes that Juan
Carlos monedero has this
nature with the girls he is the man he is like
that let's say it wasn't something new for
me in fact it is even suspected at times
because he really likes touch because he
has many
maybe he has a little taste
for touch curiosity that
wood has that plastic has and those
things I don't think it was with the intention
is that this type of relationships that
have a purse with their students were
one of the reasons why
Juan Carlos retired from the political front line
but well, it shouldn't be
taken into account okay anyway the
hypotenuse well there we were the six of us
and in this one the alpha male saw a
tender very silly young woman and didn't want to
waste the opportunity Pablo
Iglesias efe a king I agreed to which
fawn to start gilding the
pill remember that he's 14 years older than me
although everything is very legal yes I don't remember
the conversation exactly because among
other things it must have been quite banal and
empty but remember those typical phrases like
you're
Diego welcome thank you very much
you're very mature for your age today man
very mature for your age and
similar things so there I was with an
ugly guy with a ponytail and a
choni piercing who was a professor at the university
one of my  friends I
hadn't seen him around there thinking what to do
with my life and holding back the earth until
Mr. Iglesia uttered
the following words from his appetizing mouth: I'm
going to the bathroom to cool off I'll wait for you
there the truth is that of the whole story
and all the times that he has told it to me
this is my favorite phrase I go to the bathroom to
cool off I get desperate there or rather as if they
were very irresistible high I come
from there he doesn't hear me like clear who who
who is going to say that the boss of
when you say that phrase because you are
assuming that there is a possibility of
not being like the other person is
reciprocating with you not like there is feeling
no
and there Pablo was left waiting at
that moment the shots opened before
me while I would ask him for strength it ended
minute 4 let's see
now here I put the clip but it is not the
original video but well okay you see
another ally a youtuber ally we have
talked about him on many occasions on
this channel because he is a piece of
hypocrites I am older there it is not that
I have a message for you quetzal look
xavi moré no look there moreno I wanted
communist this favorite device
turns out it will stay I understand your position
not your position of fighting against the law and
saying that it is a [ __ ] sexist that the
hotels you would see when looking at all three
that he had and then bera bera bera now you
are
seeing there all three what a shame that is the original video in the original video they are seen better in the original video it is better if you put now dallas froome is lifante javier is very mature for your age xd look look look you see what I have told you at some point he deleted tweets
at some point he deleted tweets and if you
put this now he looks at it from his mobile
or and okay then he has deleted he has deleted fabric what has
happened that is such
what has happened son you will not have reported yourself
and if you have some things but you know that it
is the worst that he is making fun
of
the girl is of Fernanda and
he is a colleague of HIV the clear and sancor
action person of more listening to this you
have joined the realities not that you have
joined localities to defend
my area death what happens that  I
found this answer of yours on af
dot fm in case anyone doesn't know, it's like
believing that I would create a page
during the registration of your followers they
ask you questions and there's someone who
asks you an opinion
regarding the sexist movement of killing
joke who continues to be accused of
sexism and other things by his
ex-girlfriends this guy killing joke appears
better known as the killer joke on
youtube on twitter minas spring is a
colleague of quetzal who was publicly accused by his
ex-girlfriend of well of
quite questionable actions okay
quite sexist relationships and let's
see what he thinks about all of this
frankly I don't want to get into this
type of salsa I have a
cordial relationship with killing and I don't care or am
interested in the details of his intimate life it's that
they are the best man
yes grabbing and narrating those types of
intimacies on twitter doesn't awaken any
special sympathy in me for the girl she is
narrating those intimacies in sad ways doesn't
awaken sympathy for that girl okay
but then if another girl does it about it doesn't matter if he
we'll see if he takes
this type to the internet  of things is very
inelegant to put it mildly
okay then it depends on you to put it
mildly I mean no that is such
because if who are they using in
Dallas if you are interested is it true that
the game has sexist comments
about Dallas now it does make me curious no
I read here that if you are interested if Nadal
but when you are no longer it is about
a colleague of yours would do it and we blame the
girl who is reporting the case it
turns out you have to that is
literally the way the progressives and
localities is pure hypocrisy because
but because it is hypocrisy because at the
end of the day if you tell me that you
have a way of being and you have an
ideology and a way of thinking okay and
you think that men who say x
are sexist and you think that
women who say and we have to support her without we have to
question it and you think that
this is okay and that we have to get involved
here and that he wants to cancel it and yes well it
seems fine to me if that is your way
of thinking
the problem is that in reality they don't
think about it okay the problem is that  they are
communing things that not even they
comply with because when it comes to the
pointed out people they like or around them
there they don't act the same so then they do
n't think those things that
nonsense that they say well it's nonsense
okay that's what I'm telling you to me it would seem
respectable if you have an ideology
a way of thinking and principles
that they don't have it they don't have why this is
called not having principles no well I
was already going ahead with your way of
thinking and hey everyone asks after that they do
n't really have an opinion okay and today with
this thing with Fernanda well
the same thing is demonstrated again
going to the bathroom I took a
five euro note out of my pocket I gave it to a
friend and he asks I leave the bar quickly and fast
thinking about my bed and after a few meters
the third guy who was with them appears
whose face you kindly don't remember
because the payment insists on accompanying me
home and as I walk almost running
telling him politely that it wasn't
necessary he insists 11 years ago I didn't
have the temper and the bad temper that I
have now and I didn't have the balls to send him
the [ __ ] rituals in the middle of the street I can
attest that Fernando is now in a bad
mood okay I was always a sweet and
polite girl because normally when he said
no it was no for this it's not like that that's why
his women insist so much that only if it
is if you pure tourism well this guy
how tough this one is and it looks perfect
style is the dick it's that he gives it to you with the
key to everything after trying back back back
with everything every phrase
now it turns out that reporting harassment is
narrating intimacies man because
those are ridiculous and many women who were
harassed do not report it because they know they will
not be supported no what happens let's
see what we go through to support her
to believe her or not
in part yes to report something a
rare intimacy of course at the end of the day
they are part of your life and so on no the
hypocrisy is if you go with a criterion
no and you go with a flag it's always or it
depends because if it's Pablo Iglesias I've
seen I mean the typical ones that appear on
twitter always commenting on news from
the right not from
right wing politicians or right wing journalists
no to the  typical spokesmen no none of them have
spoken out about this this woman does
not matter
what happened to this woman no why because she is
Sergio's wife because the wife of a
straight owner or because the indicted
Pablo Iglesia also it could be that in
this case not a plate type he did not get rid
of me until he got to my doorway and
insisted that he wanted to go up to the leather
that there was no moment of flirting on my
part I felt quite uncomfortable and the
guy seemed pathetic I was not scared
but rather sorry for him and in the doorway he began his
useless courtship while I asked him to
please leave he tried everything and
ended up offering to give me the best
[ __ ] eating of my life and we all
know that there is nothing that seduces
a woman more than offering her the best
[ __ ] eating of her life is that what
I love about the way of trying to
woo not trying to flirt I don't know about them
and like that there are many men no I mean you
when you believe when you get heavy
with a woman you believe that the woman is going to
say yes 4 is heavy
you believe that he is seducing her that she is not
going to resist you saying that
and I told him  up to here open the door and
slammed it in his face I
literally hit him all over the head with
the metal gate I went up to the house I had
a cola cao and went to bed watching some
series remember that if Mr. Pablo
Iglesias and his henchmen did this to
lines of 18 when they were nobody they must not have done it
these years
I suppose Mr. Iglesias doesn't
remember this unfortunately I do and for
his partner my story would be that by the
way it's a firecracker and Fernanda okay this is
very much like what they say okay be it
because when they come out to someone
telling a specific episode because
imagine one day imagine with day
you've had a few drinks of
Maite puts on weights
you get heavy not necessarily with
aunt it can happen to you that she gets
heavy even with people she's sitting down the
drink that night okay you get heavy
but then you're never like that again this
happened that night it was an out she doesn't
happen to you okay well no no these people are
very in fact when when you have a
charter error or in the face for your
whole [ __ ] life
hey  that I'm not interested but like the frown
of fear having said it before go on that of
course then if come on I took or
thank you very much it's not like if you've
done this that you haven't done they already
start to assume that you've done many
worse things in life has this been done
like then why because what happened to
Fernando no because it's not worth it guys I was talking about
these lines of 18 when they were
nobody that they haven't done these years
I suppose that Mr. Iglesias doesn't
remember this unfortunately I do and for
his partner my story would be that of a
victim if the perpetrator wasn't the
father of her children and she wants to finish by
clarifying that after that time she only
spoke to Pablo again and they said two years
later when a good friend of mine who
worked with him asked me to participate in
a program on Tuer
because they needed a girl to
fill the bucket and I agreed
then Pablo Iglesias actually if he
has to remember okay because if he already
knows her from there and then he sees her again
on the program I imagine with the
program he would say you are the one with such and such
no and this program is its mold and
how long how is it going  the night that
label is on well very well here
we are raising and it's marching one
night if it's very good thank you very much
and you understand me it's not that one that
program is uploaded
[Music] I have
seen on ok diario
and
as these are to take it out every time they
return to be the same this is to take it
out every time he takes and says come on
every time they do a escrache this guy
and idn montero says some of
this stuff to add to their typical
nonsense because it's also nonsense
okay it seems incredible to me that she is one of those
women depending on how good she handles or I don't know
what to call it okay I hope that the
ministry of that woman gives you 4,451
million euros of ours look here here
look
bera bera bera bera bera well well well
if you want more
we have to eat up a little bit of space
they have to eat up the daily touches
[Music]
[Applause]
ser freire student of
international relations welcome to the
main dish but they are removing precisely
everything and from the youth plane in
which I feel most akin  the last thing they're
going to take away from us is sexuality and
sex because she's the youngest here when when
you the deep I studied at the
university let's say that we talked about pornography
guys girls never
talked about it and they never recognized
themselves as users of pornography
that has changed or do they still exist 2013
man because he always had that program
why does he have that problem
hello hello hello star in the nut
if I am an idiot
and it seems that it is done wanting that
the second you press play Fer Freire came out
international relations student welcome to the set your
headline
and what I can laugh at Fernandez
reminding him of these images that some time
later this friend the one who had
invited him to go to the program in the nut
woke me up on the sofa bed in his house
fondling my tits while he thought I was
asleep what a
group he had Fernanda
woke me up on the sofa bed in her house
fondling my tits while he thought I
was asleep and I have to say that
specifically this part is the only one
that doesn't seem laughable to me  of all this
story is worth it because this man at
that time was a close friend of my
girlfriend not only now he goes around as a tremendous
ally but
the typical the typical the colleague
currently on social networks
allows himself the luxury of labeling me as a
neoliberal sexist
please say who it is please
say it be serious say it
I'm sure it's known and all
what game he said that the new god
that then it is that they are just like that -he said- that they are like that I
always say when that which
is what I always tell you about those who
are the tremendous allies
what is it that I always tell you when one
is an ally of exaggerated but you have to
have balls you have to have balls to
know that Sergio's girlfriend of the last one
is Fernanda from your birds the
personal evaluation to know what happened that episode
and touching his balls telling him
more joke I don't know what
with his two balls the turkey what friends I
will be as sexist and as
neoliberal as you want but at
least I have not woken up my friends or
giving them the tits if you are seeing this
which you will probably end up seeing it I
recommend  that in the future you cut
a hair when it comes to projecting yourself onto
others and attributing ourselves to those who have
never participated in this type of
behavior you will be and your vices you
cut a hair for fan with deep
well half applause half applause because he has
n't said who he is I don't like that vh he
should have said who he is because he
is surely known and you are going to
tell me well I am not going to talk to you
use whatsapp because it is 4 in the
morning but tomorrow he will send me a joke and you
give me the name
and you are going to tell me I signed that
Fernanda but he is surely known I am
sure that the typical progressive we have that will
surely criticize us once surely
Fernanda all those and very feminists and
allies of the cause who lose their asses
calling my partner a misogynist and a piece of [ __ ]
without any of them coming close to reaching the soles
of their shoes
thank you very much beautiful well
this is my hashtag my
particular your few stories like mine are
made public today Pablo Iglesias has
blocked me without even addressing him
directly must be a weird guy
save up or not  had been at risk I don't
know
I will post tweets about Podemos
things about things like that I have never been
blocked by anyone
being that those of us who are approaching our
thirties stop liking them the more
termites and young the better if it is read this far I thank you it would be
appreciated if it was spread in something that is already
known but of which there is no testimony
Mr. Iglesias is a sexist
nepotist hypocrite incompetent and
cowardly it has been more than proven end of
thread and now since it is in my power to do
so I am going to give the floor to Fernanda
so that she can tell her version of the facts
and why she has decided to write this thread
inside Fernanda I want to emphasize that
I am not a victim of either Monero or
Iglesia and that their behaviors that
may seem more or less reprehensible do not
constitute any crime the
problem and why I have written this
thread with a somewhat more dramatic tone than
how I experienced it is that from your party it is
encouraged and promoted that they
would have written it as is
to laws such as the Sun or the Yes and that
can give rise to  that any woman
who has an unpleasant encounter with
any man,
seeing a shady attempt at flirting,
becomes a crime, so that's what I
wanted to emphasize, thank you very much
and greetings, overwhelming
testimony and it's that guys, this is not going to be about
playing the victim, okay, this is not going to be about
crying too hard, this is not going to be about demanding
that I don't know who resigns or that
anyone be canceled, or about playing the victim or
acting traumatized because my girlfriend does
n't have a relationship, nor has she feared
Pablo Iglesias or the entire court of
idiots that surrounds him, at most, at
most, at most, both they and their
attitudes arouse
contempt in her, and these events mark
or have marked her life, nor does she live
traumatized by her experiences, nor has she
lost faith in men for having
crossed paths with some vultures throughout
her life, nor does she think that believing in
women should be a dogma of faith that we
should all practice or anything like
that, fortunately today she has
ovaries that don't fit in her
male chichi, no, this is something else, okay, this is
more
on the other hand  of x if you try to
universalize the I do believe you
above the rule of law then the I do
believe you may be waiting
around the corner to bite you in the
ass this is directed at all those
among them many political leaders who
set unattainable moral standards that
they do not even adjust to
these ladies and gentlemen is a dead end
for which these people
really only have two options
uncritically and without nuances accept the
acts that are imputed to them or deny it and
qualify it and betray the dogma of faith
that they have been trying to instill for years those
who are going to be gentlemen place your bets
and Nadal do not ignore it but that is why
people have to do
now every time they come back with the story
pum and has done when you respond pum and
this when he responds should be good
in an ambush an ambush on a
television program something like that hey I am
a complete white guy give it success
liked the video share and subscribe
to the channel I want to thank all the
people who support me that fights
to boil is missing two minutes yoga
what do two in two  minutes the pub
to classes
well I see well add something
should add something but you because it is may
oh my girlfriend never told me if explicit and
now fiancés there I am not a
criminal no or how can I live without
that useless law
thanks to tome a lot of the section I'm
going to give you for example this style
that they were sharing and all the
progressives okay
specifically this okay specifically this
thread I do
n't know who it is I do
n't know who it is sincerely I don't know who this man is
okay Julian Macias Tovar okay I have
no idea who he is activist against
disinformation okay activist against
disinformation well among other
things among other things this man what he does
is spin okay what he does is
turn like like innocent edu that
a while ago he said that if any
person had suffered some type of
harassment by these of these
teachers not our politicians no and lalo
with what are friends of HIV and in some
way vila with that Fernanda has
written it was done a year ago and in
some way he wants to spin us with that
Fernanda writes the thread now okay but pay
attention to this ticket on this tour
the probable conspiracies begin
okay the diffusion of the tweet was great
thanks to the push from regular accounts
this type of campaign where
characters like brother third brother are never missing
the name is never mentioned
that guy's injury
[Music]
and what happens of
course but the tweet should have
also been spread by people
on your side
by this journalist by the other
journalist by the other journalist I
each name would be everyone knows who it is
no but for the seven if instead of Pablo Iglesia if
instead of Pablo Iglesia it
had been Santiago Abascal who
Fernanda is talking about
if it had been Santiago Abascal who
had shared that thread
who is
well thank you very much thank you very much
because it says it was him
the tweet was spread because it was these
regular accounts of course
and all of you none it's that right here you
are giving yourselves away
you are giving yourselves away here of course
where was the is that I don't want to give
names but well the
left-wing journalists the feminists are or those who
always did not imagine that it would have
been Santiago Abascal the one who was 50 in
that story who would have shared
that and in what newspapers would they have  gone out
in public in public in
the tide of course at the last minute
at the last minute okay but we ignore this
good night javi space bundy on his
instagram that space bonjoch accuses
dallas of throwing a video of the
Latin American controversy his god several
stories about that we
will have to see what he would say in the
video man dallas has criticized
the issue of throwing videos due to copyright I have not
seen it much I do it much you don't
even throw them to me well he opens it for his
ass that he gave it
and he said something you're
telling me I saw her rubbing shoulders with people
gossiping in a live that
she did I think it was when they threw the video to those who have thrown more videos of her other times because I remember at the beginning she was relating a video of mine I don't remember the video it was she was relating a video of mine and she uploaded it to her channel and in the video I
remember she said oh and I hope this man does
n't have the video either I don't know
what something like that he said the videos to anyone
but the thing is that it was being moderated
in Chaco people contributing because
people are saying this is always
against the bonuses  and he has done many
bad things to yesterday's cousins
whatever that friend girl you know
then helped me throw the video something
something there was I trust it trust
them I get wet I trust it that if he
throws the video something there was strong and strong
and lying it has to be unpleasant he
said it because he gives the aie there are no
videos of people who get on their balls they do
not throw them
when seeing the impact of the tweet
Fernanda herself retracted clarifying that she had never
been harassed by Paulo Iglesias
or Monedero but evidently they already
launched nothing was said nothing is said
in fact she made a video and a
live stream nothing is said which clarifies
that it is not illegal from her point of
view
okay now how would I have reacted to
you Julian Vacances if instead of
Pablo's name
Smith had already been tacky for giving you one at
random they would not have called it harassment
or whatever they would have called it they
just sent me a possible
player of tits they just sent me a
possible savior of tits okay but I
don't know him so I can't say no
do it with an eye it doesn't even have the corner
but you could notice
what is quite surprising is to see the
origin of the thread apparently it was because
Pablo Iglesias had blocked her and a
straight white man is a straight white guy
her boyfriend suggested making a thread against
him that
surprises you that surprises you that the
thread comes because he got bored
because that surprises you that
surprises you then your birthday
easy surprising no also the
statement that the thread was made to
[ __ ] around knowing that it would be used
politically which seemed fine to him
even that it could all be lies
but in this way people would fall into
the contradiction that you shouldn't always
believe someone who reports sexist abuse
of course but that he is right what's happening
Julian
thank you very much exactly Julian is that
my poor little progressive here or
welcome to thank you very much
this poor little progressive these little creatures
these little creatures are worth
throwing [ __ ] on each
other's roof okay because because if you are
exposing this it is Fernanda no that listen
that maybe it could be a lie okay that it is
going to be used politically of course and
when you take the thread of a girl you
don't know at all  and you believe her
because she's a [ __ ]
woman
because it doesn't occur to you that
maybe they've also commented on this in their private life
before publishing that
thread and that the intention is to screw
someone over
is that they are exposing themselves they
are exposing themselves okay as if
they were not formally and finally politically
correct let's go totally political and I
've said a lot of times there are
political parties especially Podemos that have
taken over certain movements and
certain groups as if they only
belonged to them and that if it
's only me who can benefit them it's
okay for people with two
brain cells to be taken and say oh we have to vote for
this party because this party is the
only one that defends the rights of
foreign people, women,
men of color, of those I don't know what has
gone to [ __ ] that you have
less and less votes you are almost there to
disappear
if we look at the account from which
the thread is launched it is surprising that it is only
a month old and that it has so many
followers caramelito caramelito it
is not her first account she already had another
clara account by the way they have
suddenly recovered they have been reactivated
but it's not her first account she already had
followers before and besides she's HIV's girlfriend she's
even attracted to HIV's live streams she even
watches my live streams even my live streams
and the tweets of her first followers
there's a certain denialist line of
sexist violence
abel generation and this
but this [ __ ] [ __ ] bar this is to
me this study that he has done what the [ __ ] is
look quintuple
or rather what yours of his first followers
watch out for the fbi or rather to me acne
if I'm here all the dressing
chamber a reason for rociíto but don't
put much political use to it just a
little bit of I do believe you funny the
night quickly there are a few million of course of course like
thank you very much for your
openness it's good he's handsome I arrived
late but for sure thank you very much corporal
thank you very much well take today he has
transferred hey enough is already past
today listen to me whatever he has done was
with this
excel okay I don't know what's going on with this
excel find out who are his first
followers the first people who
have followed him at least he will have gone to bed
ñana shut up
let's go he's going  home here
nobody can be I went and went to look at
the tweets of those people and here you have
for example William Thatcher and the tweets
of that person
okay I'm cracking up with you of course of
course and if we see the first followers
of a feminist then we will surely
find tweets and retweets of
Lucía Etxebarría or whatever a lot
of chiringuitos it's not that it's that it's that they
describe themselves God they
are describing themselves
okay let's see I
tend to knowledge
Ainara out of nowhere of ours and I the
money that has gone I'm really freaking out
I'm really freaking out I don't expect
anything anymore from the people
9 I hope full of people for if he leaves
here we're not going to say anything to him go go go go
here on the beach
but how can it be a
person looking at it happens here in the
Democratic Party it has taken over
groups to win votes it's a
pantomime everything goes it's a pantomime
everything
[Music]
how can it be that this person for an
Andorran flag must  mark it well
is that he has a panther from Andorra under
care and criticizes and nene montero
how bad
[Laughter]
[Applause] I'm
not going to draw any conclusions your fat fat
[ __ ] I'm not going to draw any
conclusions okay I'm putting here
eight hundred bars a study that I
did on his twitter account but I'm not
going to draw any conclusions
simply
with this I'm going to finish simply the
conclusion is going to be that we don't
believe it because he's fascist okay
but something that is evident is that this
type of campaign against Pablo Iglesias is
daily since he is a candidate for the
presidency of the community of Matrimoniale
if look like this because over here Pablo
Iglesias has already told me things and
people have come out saying things without him being like that that he
had the campaign
now that you're telling me that it
's always the same nonsense is that
when a certain person said it's not that
every time he attacks me or every time
something happens to me he pronounces me it's because I have
an important project they always go they are
like a boss he did what he said today the
video of Rossi was also removed they are not like
a boss they are the same the same the
same types of attitudes okay
the trauma type testimonies
want to isolate me my new partner is a
perfect man built an example
to follow they are always the same
testimony okay
typos in a whole blank
then 'bonus track' I just found out
that youtube has recently signed for
the fake news newspaper vox populi okay
now it turns out
now it turns out that vox populis is fake
news okay but however here it
was not he has some balls this in
this article it was written by pepo this
weight is not enjoyed requested pep or that he is a
friend of origin of the whole group okay of the
whole group this pepo okay and this
article was published by okay why why
because some would say elmer fago takes out
this article and this article skips the
pp in vox populi here vox populi it was not
the diamond is hard but not as hard
as the face of a progress yes
totally patricia here here it was not
facebook news or how is it here no no
here I don't want okay
and that they are tremendous god
bonus track
and this is also important sergio
graves or I don't know who he is who appears in
the video commenting on the thread on the channel
of  youtube h is a
citizen defector who is on the pp list with
ayuso who will face pablo iglesias
links already camps
and that's it then
this is a
conspiracy this is a conspiracy
by hiv
the fascist okay and all the deniers
of gender violence okay so they
vote for the pp
lamentable lamentable and well anyway
how to search fer's twitter
and nothing like here be good here what's happening here what
we put this has nothing to
do this has nothing to do and
I have never read on twitter the
words presumption of innocence and
accuse without evidence as much as these
days I hope they are not
forgotten again because they are totally important
one day I'm
going to see acne here
because surely the one here has what I
want
facundo welcome
and me by the way my kids dotcom
buy us something buy us something okay
buy us a little mouse like this handsome okay
look at it me motherhood wireless
backlit and me my mother my mother
buy it here already buy the one that already my
kids  dotcom okay with the
discount code limeira patients with the
code oliveira make a discount I
say it now if you want I would run to
buy it you are worth it and keyboard too
my goodness it also has beautiful ones
are you aware that what you
have published is saddened I do not know what he wants to
prove being part of the 001 of the
false accusation once upon a time and a
tiny progress that could not that
could not that did not know how to argue a greeting
from javi thanks thank you
very much private a big hug
a lot of cloth did not adopt some from the other day
that you sent me and not
from 'tweets' but I am not going to do the math
I know where the shots are going and what
happens oh oh
cloth now it is part of the 0.01
I am still laughing my life is
still deleted oh it is deleted
etc it is deleted
I know they would put this type but it is
drafts
things that are not a [ __ ] joke 1 frame is a
man who is a prostitute things
that are not a [ __ ] joke they would dare to
say to a feminist with the
antifeminist women Haiti or we write the
hole guy x is such a solid letter
okay  portrays the sun and tobío
now they don't have any more little things for me here
than the ones I want wheeler ltd
invited to come to
the man invites you to come to
Caro's father and talk to me about his book so
that he comes and tells us hey I
came here to talk about my book that I
came here to talk about the book I'm going to
leave you the description the link of the book
if I don't forget today okay in all the
descriptions of all the excerpts
today the link of the book in case you want me to buy it you
have to buy it
buy it with me since all the money
goes to meet with his daughter buy them
all I always have to say the things
that are there gasset and I always have to say
the things are scarce from the cold they
tell me about the things that turn me on there's
nothing anymore but aitana
aitana
argentina
look look man this I have to go
sometime life but
[Music]
look at the coins going around look look at
the plant the most beautiful photos
I had seen more but you can't find it
and I was for nothing happened
nothing happens
this for example the  new muse of the
rancid right takes out her
particular myth and the hashtag pablo stalker
lie she hasn't put that hashtag
you start looking at her wall and in pure
gems of right-wing voice
I hope she looks for a good lawyer the
cool one and she's queen of the inv on the cheap my
god my
god it's an invention what happened to
your really cool hairstyle the other day each
radiant with smiling eyes my soul that I
am because it is let's go to the shower
come out very well combed with my cologne
combine uco
very well very well to eat me to
eat me to give me kisses
today I would
swear that there were more trias and that I had
seen it on my wall
surely it has to
see I come here I loved to throw it
before this jerk comes here to
act like a denialist because I
retweet an account that supports the
victims men and for calling
his efe sexist then he says that he didn't know what vh
misspells the name and takes a medal
this happens when you put either of
two let's see what happens I
sent this to tell you my weapon don't
put the  hair like the south the
poor guy is handsome but he looks like papa smurf I
love you so much churra face throwing a
kiss face throwing a kiss those colors
don't fit me at the moment
in me
scourge of fascists
the complaint that is going to fall on him for
slander is epic what slander
what slander
and slander
a slander of when you are
falsely accusing someone of a crime
knowing that
they are lies she has had that experience if she in that part is that she is not accusing him not even of one crime she is not accusing him of two crimes she is accusing him of telling him that she is very mature for her age and that she waits for him in the bathroom
when he goes to freshen up there is no
accusation of a crime there
of any crime there
what clowns god
hello twitter spain why don't you do
something and be the south eyes the hashtag pablo
stalker and close the account of the
fascists and sexists who are accusing
Pablo
I have balls like balls
I have a website or that they do not fit me they are
asking twitter my good good good good well they
are not  asking
twitter mother to censor a hashtag
but I'm the first
oh how beautiful
I'm laughing at these people really
I'm really telling you
here's another one let's
see if I have it clear you have
forced your girlfriend to falsely accuse
Pablo Iglesias for attacking the consul
very well I think that what we had to see had already been
seen for sentencing
okay
there's nothing more to add your honor these are these
are and that's what you are
explaining to us, that is they go
with a preaching something that they themselves do not share and believe okay and then if a woman suddenly comes out telling a story it depends on who the man is pointed out okay here it does not matter who has never mattered okay we have already seen this right here on youtube when
we have the ceo of youtuber and things like that it
has never mattered who matters
is who
always
always okay guys but as I say
all this nonsense will always serve us
when they come again with another
thread when these two months a thread comes out
of someone canceling someone
right-wing not because it is sexist a story comes out
that you  they make it up and you have to
believe it, no, you have it here
and well guys, so if I'm going to go
up the strata to bed and
[Music]
simply simply simply simply
tell you that tomorrow there will be a video
on the main channel and that please I
give it a lot of support because they are the videos
that usually pull weaker at the
beginning then also the yes it
is true that then with time as
the days go by they have been putting the
normal visits but in my third video
on the subject of rociíto okay and they have
a lot of work those videos okay despite
the few visits and facebook is
giving me a lot of pain with the
telecinco issue and with the 35 content so
please
tomorrow I will wait for you on the main channel and
well depending on what there is then
we will do it live at night no worth it big
hug guys